In this video I'll demonstrate how to carry out of emotion migration of a virtual machine.
So here you can see we have a virtual machine that's been created called the motion demo.
And I have to ESX I hosts present in my cluster and you don't need a cluster for Wii motion.
Right.
Really the only thing you need for Wii motion is shared storage.
A properly configured VM kernel port you need the center and you need the same networks on both the
source and destination host.
So at the moment I can see that this virtual machine is currently running on Host 1 9 2 1 6 8 1 9 9
out 100 so it's running on my first host.
Now I can just carry out a very simple Wii motion migration by right clicking this VM and choosing my
great and the very first option is to change the compute resource only.
That's an emotion right.
I'm not moving the virtual disks from one data store to another and I'm not doing a storage Wii motion.
I'm doing a Wii Motion I'm moving it from one ESX host to another.
But all of the files that make up this VM are going to remain right on the same data store that they're
currently on.
So let's go ahead and hit Next here and my source host is 1 9 2 1 6 8 1 9 9 100 so I'm going to choose
one or three as the destination and what you'll notice as soon as I click on one of the three down here
in the compatibility area if there are any readily apparent problems that are going to cause this not
to work those will show up there as a validation check is performed OK.
So our compatibility checks have succeeded.
There's nothing wrong here.
OK so now that we've chosen the destination host on the next screen it's going to have us select the
network that we want to connect to and you can see our source network is a group called 199 the destination
network that we're going to choose is going to also be 1 9 9.
But in this scenario that destination network is not actually available.
The other ESX host.
OK so let's take a moment and check this out and see what happens when we kind of minimize this task
and go back and take a look at these two ESX host.
OK so let's take a look at our destination host which is 1 9 2 1 6 8 8 1 9 9 1 0 3.
And I want to look at our virtual switches and you can see here on VSE which is zero.
We have one port group called V.M. network.
Let's take a look at the other ESX I host this vse which we have two port groups.
All right we've got the VM network and we've got port group 199 which is what our virtual machine is
currently connected to.
Right.
And I'm going to quickly look at the info screen.
All right.
So on the source host this VM is connected to porker 199.
And notice the security settings that are configured here.
And notice the LAN configuration as well.
When I take this VM and migrate it to Host 1 0 3 second host it has to have a port group that matches
this configuration.
So I'm going to set up a port group that is exactly the same on my destination host complete with the
same name the same VPN membership and the same security settings.
So let's call it 199.
We'll make the release on 199 and we'll go ahead and hit finish here and then I'm going to quickly modify
the security settings on this pop group as well so choose poor group 199.
I had a little pencil or modify and will quickly change the security settings to match exactly what
the porker on the other host is configured for.
And I know this seems like kind of a long process to sort of pause and take a look at here but these
are the sort of little inconsistencies across hosts that can create big V motion problems.
Right.
And so what we want to really think about is basically you want all of your hosts to be as similar as
they possibly can.
All right.
Because as we move on in this video series you're going to see that things like deep grass and high
availability are going to rely on all of these configurations being very consistent across your hosts.
And so we always want to be very careful that maybe even using things like host profiles will allow
us to kind of maintain that consistency.
OK so now we've gone ahead and we've chosen our destination host we've chosen our destination network.
And do we want to do a high priority Wii motion or lower priority Wii motion.
Basically the high priority Wii motion chews up a little bit more C-p resources.
So we're going to go with that and then I'm going to go ahead and finish here.
And you should see it should happen very quickly.
So I am going to go ahead and unpinned this and we're going to look at our recent tasks and look at
that relocate virtual machine.
It's already completed.
It was cute for about 5 milliseconds.
It started at 11:30 and 29 seconds in it finished at 11:30 and 32 seconds.
So the whole process took us somewhere around three seconds.
And now if I look at my Wii motion demo virtual machine I can see it's now on ESX I host 1 9 2 1 6 8
1 9 9 1 or 3.
So now that our virtual machine has been relocated tune into the next video where I'll show you how
to carry out a scheduled migration.